<a name="br1"></a> 

# *Meeting Minutes â€“ Greenhouse Project*<a name="br1"></a> 

**Location:**

Online

**Date:**

Tuesday, November 21st

**Time:**

1:00 PM

**Attendance:**

Noah Jones

Jared Hooker

Grant Hooper

Bryan Rhoton

Jaxson Billings

**Agenda Items**

1\. Meeting with Jesse and go over necessary revisions for Sign-offs cancelled.

2\. Send all Subsystem Sign-offs to EOSYS.

**Action Items**

1\. Revise and get Communications Subsystem signed off.

2\. IDEA Survey and state it is done in iLearn

3\. GitHub Customization due November 30th.
**Individual Items**

Noah Jones: Revise Digital Design for Light Controller.

Jared Hooker: Revise Digital Design for Temperature/Humidity.

Grant Hooper: Revise Digital Design for PLC Controller & Water Level Control.

Bryan Rhoton: Revise Digital Design for Nutrient Subsystem.

Jaxson Billings: Revise Digital Design for Communications Application Subsystem. Meeting minutes.

Group: Revise Digital Design for PLC. GitHub Beautification. Final Presentation.

**Other Notes**