<a name="br1"></a> 

# *Meeting Minutes – Greenhouse Project*<a name="br1"></a> 

**Location:**

Brown 320

**Date:**

Friday, March 6th

**Time:**

2:30 PM

**Attendance:**

Noah Jones

Jared Hooker

Grant Hooper

Bryan Rhoton

**Agenda Items**

1\. Sign-off/Revise Light Control Subsystem

2\. Sign-off/Revise Water Level Control Subsystem

3\. Week 8 Minutes.

**Action Items**

1\. HMI Subsystem Signed off.

2\. Nutirent Subsystem Signed off.

3\. Check in with EOSYS.

**Individual Items**

Brian: found a different sensor to measure at 5V and took away the regulator. Still communicates using RS485. Sensor will be running for 3 months according to the calculations. Jesse asked how long the batteries would actually last when considering battery decay.

 - “System is very vulnerable to the voltage dropping”. -Jesse

 - “Leaving tons and tons of charge in the batteries”

 - How can we boost the batteries to ensure that 5V is always attainable for an accepted amount of time? (3 months)

Grant: sensor communicates with PWM.

 - Find the pin on the Arduino that can be used for GPIO input PWM.

 - What is the frequency of the PWM?

 - Reverse engineer the code to understand how they got the frequency.

Noah: possibly draw the schematic on paper or in the Paint software

 - Break the ground to the box

 - Discussed the schematic with Jesse, he showed us an ideal way to make the schematic

Jared Hooker: Help with other subsystems.

Jaxson Billings: Revise Sign-off Lighting Subsystem. Meeting minutes.

Group: Meet with EOSYS

**Other Notes**
